---
layout: post
title: Fourth Blog!!
---
Fourth Week!!

We learned pointers this week in 371p, which confused me a lot in the past. Now, I have a better understanding 
on & and *. To explain it in more detail, * can either be assigned to a type to mean that the initialized variable 
is a type of pointer that points to that type, or in the case when it is put in front of the variable, it means 
it returns the content of the variable at its address. For the & symbol, it is equivalent to reference, as to 
say “alias”, that makes an identical copy of the declared variable. In 373, we learned several special features 
in python, like reduce, map and other similar built-in functions. On Friday, we also got into more details about 
eager and lazy implementation in python, which is quite interesting to know since it is a good design in making 
the code run faster in certain cases. 

My team member, and I, we experienced several difficulties in 371p project. We passed the 100 test cases provided 
on the website, but still failed to pass the online Judge. We couldn’t figure out the reasons that cause the failure 
even by adding checks for corner cases. 

I am recently interested in web development and try to learn as much as possible about different technologies 
available. One of my friends showed me her project she did for cs373, which is super fascinating. It really 
gives me incentive in building my own website. The power of learning computer science is really 
about the ability to create wonderful things.

###Tip of the week:
Knowledge is power

Attend conference 

Read more books

Learn more about interesting stuff of python, C++, and javascript

Keep learning, keep growing
