---
layout: post
title: Ninth Blog!!
---

This week, in CS371P, we talked about building a vector class with the addition of customized allocator(policy design pattern). Meanwhile, based on the design pattern, we extends it to the implementation of stack, queue and heap. The hardest part for me to understand is the materials we talked about in Friday. It’s difficult to remember when C++ will compile when comparing a data type whose class has a one-arg construction of int with the integer data type. Also, it’s fascinating to know that C++ can do explicit conversion of a data type when it is passed as a parameter of a function. The project also deals with reference, pointer, which is challenging to make the code simple and clean as much as possible. I found online about the difference between function and method. Basically, function means that it is a free-function that is not a member of a class, while method means that it is a member function of a class. When it’s a function, it no longer has the right to access private data, whereas the method does. 
In CS373, we talked about relational database, and concepts of relational algebra. It’s fairly easy to understand the algebra. On Friday, we talked about XML and json. It’s a new topic for me, so it’s not quite easy to understand what the professor is talking about at first in class. It’s interesting to know that there are many possible combinations among XML, DTD, XSD and it also produces different features such as coarse cardinality if adding DTD to XML. I need to get more information about this area online if possible. 

##Tip of the week
Work hard play hard:)
