---
layout: post
title: 13th Blog
---

This week, we are assigned two articles to read “A woman’s place” and “I need terrible female engineers”. The first one gives an insightful analysis to how Sheryl Sandberg has had an  outstanding business career. It’s impressing to see her bravery and her aggression in face of business strategy and daily life. I get know to know what kind of person she is in a deeper level. 
The second paragraph is also worth reading, where it discusses a controversial topic about female software engineers- whether we accept a terrible female engineer to increase the number of women population in tech industry. It’s a controversial topic from my point of view, because otherwise considering “Girls suck at computer science” a stereotype has negatively influenced the number of girls pursuing computer science or causing some of them to quit in face of difficulties. Moreover, computer science is not an interesting subject basically based on the introductory classes like data structures, algorithms and complexity, which cannot offer a fun side of computer science. Anyway, the two essays are incredibly inspiring in many ways and reshape how I think for computer science and the role of women that they can play in computer science industry.

The quiz is consistently hard. It’s hard for me to understand constructors correctly. We had memory leaks for project3, which we couldn’t figure it out. We tried to add delete statements before creating new pointers, which reduces a half of the amount. 

During the class, we talked about method overriding. And we had several quizzes that tested on the relationship between the inheritance and method overriding. The concept is clearer after the quizzes. 

##Tip of the week
It ‘s time to prepare for final!!
Happy Thanksgiving!! 
