---
layout: post
title: Fifth Blog!!
---

We had two projects this week. The Austrilia voting, we initially experienced compilation error and wrong answer when submiting
on UVa online judge. As we found out more and more test cases, we would be able to figure out the problem. The Netflix rating, 
it is a really interesting problem. We found the fluctuation of RMSE when we change the parameters of average movie rating and 
average customer rating from 0.3 ~ 0.8. It's interesting to know that the predicted rating is closer to the actual rating when 
using a method that subtracts offset from the average rating for both movie and customer. 

In both classes, all we have learned are really practical in real coding. In cs371p, we learned different kinds of iterators in C++. While learning that, we use their features to implement a function called copy. 
In cs373, We learned about iterators as well. List, set, tuple, dic, range, list comprehension are all iterable(no "next" attribute), and can get a iterator. 
The advantage of being iterable for a variable is that it can allow multiple iterators simultaneously. Generator(map, filter) is a iterator iteself. 
If we call an iterator on an iterator object, then it would return the original object. Set and dic, their orders returned by
the iterator are not guaranteed. 

I missed two questions on the Quiz. I realized my mistakes after I submit my answer, but it’s too late to change the answer. 


# Tip of the week
I learned some HTML, CSS, Javascript, JQuery and Python this week! I also learned some new technology especially hardware, like Leap motion, Oculus, Myo, Muse and Particle
