---
layout: post
title: Third Blog!!
---

We had a presentation by Chris Martin from Bloomberg on Wednesday. He covered not only the work experience, latest developing tools, and community involvement at Bloomberg but also discussed helpful tips to prepare for interviews, and what should do at a career fair. It’s an inspiring and useful speech that offers me insight into the working environment in the technical 
industry.  When he talked about how to stand out in an interview, I found out that in the following areas that I can still
improve myself, such as open source contribution, building my own portfolio. What he said really strikes me is that “We
always keep learning new things even at work because of the fast technology advancement. ” I still remember that when
I was a freshman at UT, github is not a popular development tool yet, but 3 years passed, thousands of new technologies 
are in heavily use in the industry. 

On Friday, the professor stressed the importance of having exceptions handled in our codes, and made a memorable story 
that further illustrated the consequences of ignoring the potential invalid input. Professor Downing also played a while 
with pointers in C++, which differentiated between pass-by-value and pass-by-reference. Try and catch block was also a big 
topic covered on Friday. The actual flow depending on whether the function catches the exception can create different 
scenarios, which needs careful evaluations.

On Friday’s quiz, I missed the second question. Even though I finished reading the required materials, I didn’t do it 
in a thorough way, so I failed to notice the details mentioned in the paper. Now, I know the correct answer and memorized it 
-- “ When coming to effective pair programming, we discard independent work and rewrite it.”

For project 0, I learned that lazy cache, eager cache and meta cache are three different approaches in improving the speed of a program, and the degree to increase the speed depends on many factors, such as file size, test cases. 

### Tip of the week
Do more interview preparation

Resume review

Keep programming

Use handshake
