---
layout: post
title: Eighth Blog!!
---

In cs371p, we continued to talk about arrays. It’s great to know that when we declare an array without initialization, If it’s a built-in type, like int, 0 is not guaranteed as initialization. However, if it’s a user-defined type, then it’s going to call default constructor in linear time, 
It’s also fascinating to know function default in c++, where it can be applied in building multiple constructors with setting optional arguments as defaults, which can reduce the number of methods to be written.
We also learned an important attribute in c++, which is constructor that includes default, copy, destroy, assignment. In allocator project, all the codes are implemented following this concept as building the allocator. In the project, we face a great difficulty in manipulating arrays, pointers. The materials we talked about in class are a good reference to remind me the difference between pointer, reference and value. We also encountered a problem to retrieve a specific address that points to a specific type, and most importantly to be able to change the retrieved value. Piazza is a great place to look for hints and answers. 
In cs373, we talked about relational database and basic relational algebra including join, select and project. We implemented select in three different ways that can achieve lazy evaluation.. The simplest way is to use another function filter(), which is quite equivalent to select. 
It’s also good to work on project with other people. I am not familiar with how to manipulate API data using python, but I feel like that I am learning a lot during the process. 

##Tip of the week:
Lots of projects and exams. 
No pressure
