---
layout: post
title: 14th blog
---

I cannot believe the semester is over. The two exams after the Thanksgiving has kept me really busy this week. It's really helpful to use Piazza to prepare for the exam. The exam is mainly based on the materials we covered in class except the last question where it asks us to implement a queue that is circular and fix-sized, which is relatively difficult. During the last week, we talked about Handle class which is basically a class like Cell in the project, but it is designed as an interface of Cell/Shape. It allows for dynamic binding. It’ s really nice to have learned different possible implementation of the Handle Class. For efficiency, it also creates an extra count class that can do copy on write, which saves space. We also learned move constructor, and move assignment, which is difficult to understand, but once you understand the trick and semantics, it becomes easier to implement next time.
In CS373, on Wednesday, we did a presentation. Our group did an awesome job together this semester. We have a really regular schedule each week in order to keep up with the assignment. I learned a lot as well from other group projects via their presentations. It gives me a lot of inspiration about how a web can look, what tools can be used, and how teamwork can be improved. The exam is also mainly based on the class materials. I would say that the sql query is the most difficult part for me. 
Overall, the two classes are fantastic and awesome. I have learned so much about a good class design, web development and C++. Not only the academic side, I have learned the importance of teamwork and have made some new friends along the way.  Professor Downing is such an awesome teacher. In class, he has taught us so many important technical knowledge and has made me a better software engineer via hands-on experience. During the entire semester, we have several guest lectures, which also helps me know more about the computer science industry. I would recommend both classes during your college career at UT Austin as one of your upper division computer science classes. 

##Tip of the week:
An awesome semester
