---
layout: post
title: Second Blog!!
---

The second week has been going well ! I experienced some difficulties when setting up the tools for project 1, but TA offered me help in time while I was feeling hopeless. Piazza is also a supplemental aid to finding answers to problems or questions from either classes or the project, and it clarifies a lot confusion about the project as well. For the next week, I plan to start my project early and actively ask for help as I did this week. 
The class continuously maintains a clear structure. Since I am taking two classes, the overlapping course contents deepen my understandings towards C++, python and javascript. Due to the preparation for my GRE test on Saturday, I haven't keeping up with the readings in class, which negatively influences my quiz grades. For next week, without the interruption anymore, it is necessary to finish the required materials in advance. 
Because of this class, I also make a lot of friends along the way. I am always inspired while studying with them for their enthusiasm and positivity. I am looking forward for the next week to start. I feel like the class can offer me unbounded knowledge from the projects, and provides me with confidence for the upcoming career fair.
Besides that, I just want to add one more note, as a reminder for me, that hard works always pay off. I also realized the importance and the benefits of mastering different developing or debugging tools, which are valuable skills as a computer science student.

### Tip of the week
Career Fair for the next few weeks! 
Prepare a one-minute commercial
Bring your resume
Search for the attending companies and choose the ones that you're interested in
Prepare at least 5 questions to ask for the company


