---
layout: post
title: 10th blog
---

This Friday, I missed two classes this week because of the severe weather. I looked over the class materials and I think I need to spend more time understanding the codes posted on the website. 

Basically, we had a guest lecture on Wednesday where Conrad Stoll came and talked about MutualMobile and iphone mobile application development. It’s great to have such a lecture that can broaden my horizon in aspects of the new technology. 

On Monday, in cs371p, we talked about Darwin. My partner and I struggled to come up a solution to let class Darwin and class creature use the internal data of class species without using getters and setters. We still haven’t solved the problem, and we leave all our internal data to be public as the current solution. In cs373, we talked about regex and pattern matching. We used re to parse the data so that we can get the character, comic and creator id for our three models. Hence, regex is super powerful and useful. 

In general, I have a lot of trouble getting the answers right for the quizzes this week. For example, Fill() uses an assignment constructor(=(T)) rather a copy constructorT(T), while uninitialized_fill() uses a copy constructor. Also, the declaration of the friend test shown in the quiz cannot compile, which I got it wrong. 
	struct A {
		friend bool operator == (const A&) const; };

##Tip of the week
Happy Halloween!
I need to review the class materials I missed on Friday:(
I am going to register an account on seelio and start building my portfolio. 
