---
layout: post
title: 12th blog
---

Basically, we had a guest lecture this week from Atlassian. Two speakers in the HipChat team talked about their latest team software development features and tools. HipChat is a team chat that’s built for business. Compares with Slack, it has better integration with other apps like Amazon and other companies. In cs371P, we talked about our new project called Game of life. In my previous automata theory class, we wrote some interesting grids that have an evolving pattern. On Friday, we talked about dynamic binding. In Java, it defaults to dynamic binding, whereas in C++, it defaults to static binding. There are also exceptions for the two language. In java, if the method is declared as final, or static, or the class is declared as final, then it is changed to static binding, on the other hand, c++ will allow dynamic binding if we have a virtual method in a parent class. However, there are exceptions to this rule in respects of constructors. I also learned a new definition called inline method where the jump action is eliminated in the compiler if it’s an inline method, which improves the execution time if it is able to be achieved. 

I had a lot of fun writing the project Game of Life. It’s hard but the project allows us to design the classes as how we want. I also enjoyed working on our CS373 project. We are now have a locally populated database, a search capability and we are now working on our presentation. The slides we have created looks so cool:).  Even though under much pressure, I am excited for next week. 

##Tip of the week:
Errors when creating this post. 
Drink more water, stay warm, study hard:)

