---
layout: post
title: First Blog!!
---
  I was advised by a senior software engineer during the summer that software engineering and object-oriented programming are the two applicable classes that students, who consider being a software engineer as one of their career goals, should take, so right now I am sitting here in two of the classes taught by Professor Glenn Downing, aspiring to use these two classes as the stepping stone to a great job. 
  The class experience so far is incredible!! Professor Downing gives clear, inspiring lectures that cover technical details easily being ignored for me as a programmer, which hence helps me a lot in understanding basic concepts and merging fragmented information together. For example, the mentioning of the different running time between the prefix and postfix computation helps me realize the importance of writing efficient codes, and such details that I failed to notice in the past are definitely going to make me a better detail-oriented programmer in the future. Also, the two classes introduce the latest programming/debugging tools, such as Google Test/Coverage3/Git used in the IT industry. It casts no doubt that the two courses not only focus on conceptual but also practical knowledge. 
  My class goal this semester is to actively get involved and participate in the discussion/lectures/office hours/TA hours in order to get the most out of the two classes. I can not imagine the benefits and knowledge that the two classes are going to offer. I am more than excited for this fall semester and very looking forward to learning as much as possible from the two classes.
  
### Tip of the week
I am currently interested in learning how to contribute to an open source project. I found one particular that I want to contribute to, one called weixin, a social app from China. Hopefully, in the near future, I will achieve this goal. 


