---
layout: post
title: 11th blog
---

This week is not usual. Me and my partner didn’t finish the Darwin project. We had struggle in designing a good data structure without using setters and getters. We tried really hard in the end to get at least the basic testing to work. I rethink this process, and I learned that we need to start this project early. Also, in the aspect of design, we can definitely make our design more efficiently by moving the handling of species executing instructions to the class Darwin. The transfer of data is too much in our current design. In my cs373 project, we experienced a sqlalchemy error after next day of the submission, which we all have no idea why it’s happening. Anyway, it’s relatively a smooth process for this second stage since we implemented well our webpage during the first page so that it’s less work for me to do as I am mainly in charge of front-end work. 
The quiz is quite hard. It’s quite difficult to understand constructors. As for me, I need to spend more time understanding classes, templates, iterators, constructors and allocators. C++ can do powerful thing if it is used correctly. We learned inheritance this week, which is quite useful as well. There are many differences between Java and C++, where I think that C++ has a more rigid style in dynamic binding. In cs373, we learned sql. I love database queries because it has this structured query that can allow you to retrieve the columns and rows of two or more tables. It’s fascinating that it has so many aggregate functions and joins that it allows different kinds of return of the data from the join of tables. 

## Tip of the week
Start early, Devote more time into project. Otherwise, you won’t have time in the end. 
