---
layout: post
title: Seventh Blog!!
---

This week, it’s a tough week because there were 2 tests for both classes. The test for CS371p is easier for me than
the one for CS373. I have no clue for the last question in CS373. It’s really difficult for me to come up with a solution that well uses the powerful built-in functions in python to solve a problem that is about applying functions onto each element of each iterables in parallel. I guess that I would have a better understanding if we had more practice on it before the tests. I don’t feel like that I am fully prepared for such kind of implementation in a test. 

Python, unlike C++, has powerful features, like decorators that can return an inner function and the decorator can be called by adding an “@ outerFunctionName” signature before the function you want to be passed in. 

The reading is fascinating. The four principles, single responsibility, interface segregation, liskov substitution, and open-closed, are inspiring in helping me design software applications. Without knowing such principles, it is impossible to design classes that will have the best performance, scalability, stability and style that is easy for future extension and modification. I need to re-read all materials. It would be an invaluable skill to gain as a software engineer. The idea of having loosely coupling classes lets me rethink the possibility of adding extra interface to make classes independent instead of using inheritance. 

##Tips of the week:
Review operating system, android mobile application, and Apex 5 application

Learn fundamental object-oriented principle.

Work hard, play hard
