---
layout: post
title: Sixth Blog!!
---


This week we have learned some brand new concepts, like iterators, lambda, closure. It’s tricky for me to understand when to add const before passed parameters. Also, I learned that it’s easier to use a for each loop in python to traverse an iterable type of variable instead of using a while loop through iterator. Since I learned Haskell in a class called programming language, it’s relatively easier for me to understand the concept of closure. When writing in Haskell for a basic interpreter, it is important to catch the closure so that the value of a function, for example, is not lost after the return statement. When self-writing a range_iterator, I also learned that python can have nested class, but it can be only called in the syntax of class.nestedclass() instead of this.nestedclass() like in Java. 
For me, I think that range is an interesting name for that method because when it is passed in two arguments, it returns a list of integers in that range rather than the range of the two passed parameters. Sometimes, I need to think twice about what range actually returns. 
As for exam preparation, what I am trying to do is to review all the materials covered in class, and make a list of questions so that I can ask questions during the study session on Tuesday.

# Tip Of the Week 
Same words as always, Never give up, keep learning!!
Computer science is a subject that everybody at all ages is supposed to be encouraged to, and be able to learn. It’s a fascinating subject that can create something powerful. 
I also learned that mobile computing is also a studied area in MS and PhD.  
